
Email    :  shinnu73@gmail.com                                                         
Mob.No.  :  9420295593
Address  :  Ahilyabai  holkar nager          mukhed Tq.mukhed Dist.Nanded
GitHub   :  https://github.com/shinnu1993

Technical Skills :
Operating System : Linux, RedHat     CentOS,        Ubuntu,        Windows           
Version Control  :  GIT,GitHub, 
                                Bitbucket
Build Tool           :  Maven
CI/CD Tool           :  Jenkins
Orchestration        :  Docker
                        docker-compose
Cloud Services       :   EC2, VPC, RDS,     ECS, ECR, ELB, IAM, AMI, S3,
EBS, EFS, Autoscalling, Cloudfront, Route53, Cloudwatch, CDN,etc.
Infrastructure       :  Terraform, Ansible
Configuration Management Tool:     Ansible

Key Attributes:
Ability to learn and exploring new opportunities.
Self-confidence, good communication skills and leadership Quality.
Comfortable to work in different shifts and 24/7 environment. 


Educational details:

Batchelor of engineering in Mechanical engg with 66%

Language:

English
Hindi
Marathi




Carrer Objectives:
To work for the organization where I can utilize my potential & fulfill the requirement by being an integral part of an organization. To work in challenging atmosphere, this provides opportunities for learning and growth.

Area of Expertise:

Create  docker container  and  Build image , writing a Dockerfile & launch 
Multipal container at a time ,port mapping
Create git branch  & manage branches parallel branching statergies
Code push and pull
AWS Cloud Platform & its features which includes EC2,VPC,EBS,AMI,ECR,ECS,RDS,CLOUDWATCH,AUTOSCALLING,IAM S3,R53 etc
Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration & for End to End automation for all build & deployments.
Hands on Experience on deployment and implementation of ansible for infrastructure as code initiatives.
Hands on expe on Terraform and provisioning.






Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above given information is truth in the best belief of my knowledge and if you give me a chance to work under your kind control. I will try to satisfy you with my hard work, ability and behavior.

Place: 
Date:                                                                    
                                                                                                         Singnature
  


